edits to our covid 19 policy (#524)
chihacknight/chihacknight.org: _posts/blog/2022-09-09-our-covid-19-policy.md

featured: false
---

_Updated June 7, 2023_
### Updated Policy

> As we stated in our initial policy, we would consider updates to our COVID-19 policy when it felt appropriate. With that, we have made the decision to drop our **proof of vaccination** as a requirement for our In Person events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As stated in our initial policy below, the Board considers updates to our COVID-19 policy when we feel it appropriate. As of June 2023, we have made the decision to drop **proof of vaccination** as a requirement for our In Person events. 
```
